‎How did 15 years go by so fast?
‎We were so young when we got married
‎—maybe too young.
‎We had so little in common.
‎When I started studying the Bible,
‎I thought Thomas would be as excited
as I was to learn the truth.
‎But every conversation we had on the subject
‎seemed to turn into an argument.
‎Looking back,
I really wish I’d handled it better.
‎As the years went by,
‎he did become more open to discussion.
‎But it’s been hard worshipping God alone.
‎Others in the congregation
are able to serve Jehovah together
‎and even reach out for theocratic goals
‎like the School for Kingdom Evangelizers,
‎something I would love to do.
‎Why can’t I have a husband
who loves Jehovah like I do?
‎Abigail probably felt the same way
‎but with more reason.
‎Her husband was a bully and a drunkard
‎and was despised by his entire household.
‎At that time,
many marriages were arranged,
‎so Abigail had very little control
over her circumstances.
‎But her words and actions
‎showed that she was a spiritual woman
‎who didn’t focus
on what she could not control
‎but on what she could.
‎I determined to do the same.
‎I meditated on Jesus’ words
at Matthew 19:6:
‎“What God has yoked together,
let no man put apart.”
‎To Jehovah, marriage is permanent
‎—even my marriage to an unbeliever.
‎So instead of dwelling on changing
my husband or my marriage,
‎I focused on changing myself.
‎Thomas does not love Jehovah,
‎but he’s not a “Nabal” either.
‎He is loyal, and he loves me.
‎He is entitled to the respect that the Bible
commands wives to show to their husbands.
‎So I’m making an effort
to be more respectful and loving to him.
‎Thomas hasn’t developed an interest
in the truth or started studying.
‎But I have the satisfaction of knowing
my God is pleased with me,
‎and I have the same view
of marriage that he does.